I want to give you an example of a
simple back test you can all follow. The
strategy opens a position if a bullish
or bearish f value gap is created. The
70% Fibonacci level is retested using
the high and the low of the inputs
defined [music] by the past and
following 10 bars since the fair value
gap creation. It takes profit or stop
loss when the 0% or [music] the 100%
Fibonacci level is reached. In this
case, we would have got a nice profit
but we don't test it [music] manually.
You get the data. You encode your
strategy use which automatically
identifies all the fair value gaps and
Fibonacci levels. Bake [music] test it
over the entire period and check the
results. In this way, you will
understand if this strategy is worth
your money or